Clarify that the 38 days leave includes public holidays (#1043)
madetech/handbook: benefits/taking_holiday.md

We're building a high-performance organisation that delivers great software products. We recognise that this requires a lot of hard work and that for our team to perform at their highest possible level, they need to live a well-balanced life and take regular time-out for rest, relaxation and rejuvenation.

> All team members have 38 days (including public holidays) of leave available between June and May, this is inclusive of public and bank holidays (pro-rata for part time colleagues.) We believe this policy will help us to perform at the highest possible level.

Author: We could also say "30 days plus public holidays" for the odd time we get an extra public holiday at monarch changeover etc.

Author: I didn't read the whole line 🙄 

Maybe...

```suggestion
All team members have 38 days of leave (including public holidays) for each Made Tech financial year which runs from June to May. This is pro-rated for part time colleagues. We believe this policy will help us to perform at the highest possible level.
```

Reviewer: In my opinion it read well as it was but happy to approve if you think otherwise. I know your writing is better than mine 👍

Author: I'm attempting to make it clearer based on [this feedback](https://github.com/madetech/handbook/issues/1042).

Do you think I have improved it, made it worse, or neither?

Reviewer: For me, it is very clear as it is, without changes
